Package org.cougaar.delta.fileio

This package provides classes for reading and writing 
formatted text data files.  While standard Java classes 
can read delimited text files, no facilities are 
available to read formatted data that uses no delimiters.  
Each line in a text file constitutes a record (i.e., 
records are separated by newline characters), and, 
within each record, fields are defined based on their 
character position in the line.  For example, the field 
named "foo" could be defined as those characters in 
record positions 1-3.  The classes in this package allow 
the programmer to define custom file formats, record 
formats, and field formats so that any formatted text 
file can be read or written.  Note that "files" are made 
up of one or more "records", and records are made up of 
one or more "fields".  The format of each of these 
components (files, records, and fields) can be defined 
using the appropriate classes in this package.  The 
classes also provide methods for reading and writing 
these formatted files.

These classes depend on the following system properties:

org.cougaar.install.path: the path to the top level 
     installation directory of the Cougaar files
org.cougaar.data.path: the path to where data files are 
     stored

These properties can be set when the Cougaar node is run by including the following arguments with the java.exe command:

-Dorg.cougaar.install.path=(enter the path to the top 
     level installation directory)
-Dorg.cougaar.delta.data.path=(enter the path to the data 
     directory)

This information is also available in the package-level Javadoc.



